there's a new pc and xbox 360 game
that's got graphics that will blow your
mind it's called elder scrolls for
Oblivion and it's next on action court
TV
okay so if you've got this new game for
the xbox 360 it's called oblivion it's
made by bethesda studios tell us a
little bit about it the biggest thing
about this game is its scope this thing
is enormous it's basically a massively
multiplayer game for one player it's a
massively single-player game msl it's a
new frame MSO action corp joined it
April night basically Emperor is
assassinated and you are the person
that's charged with finding his his yeah
his they're there to the empire without
an heir on the throne these gates to
what's called oblivion he'll basically
open up all over the world and you have
to help fix this what about like actual
combat is it just random battles do you
have like non player characters that you
have to battle against or is it just
some random monster that pops up there's
both basically there are just random
little stupid enemies that attack you
for no reason then there's all kinds of
little subplots of things going on in
the different towns like one of the
missions I just went on a storekeeper
take her daughter was kidnapped she said
the last time I saw her she was in this
town of hack dirt could you please go
check it out I walked into town
everyone's freaky in the town they're
like what are you doing here get out we
don't like outsiders okay let's all walk
back into the end and said look I just
saw her horse here so she was here like
no that's my horse I don't know we're
talking about now do you get to choose
what you say yes yeah the list of things
comes up from things that you a
overheard or bu for sounds the subject
sounds kind of like those old lucasarts
games where I was like pick your
dialogue you know yeah very much so yeah
but they're contextual you can't ask
about something unless well you've
already heard somebody talking exactly
understand thank you kind sir what about
like hacking and slashing how's it work
it's as simple as a trigger buster
really yeah there's a el trigger if
you've got a shield equipped el trigger
will pull up your seat if you do not
then you'll take your sword and kind of
hold it as a bar L is basically block
are a swim now tapping our we'll just
swing the sword holding our we'll get
you a bigger a bigger power swing you'll
get a lot more damage okay so it's
almost first person in that respect
extremely first person now you can flip
to a third person camera but the third
this really bugs me it says get my
biggest
video game pet peeve is when someone's
walking yeah feat slide and let's not
ice skating ya hate that the inventory
system you can basically carry X amount
of weight and your armor way so much so
much so you can become over and covered
and when you do you literally can't move
and it says it says up in the corner you
were over in comfort and you're just
sort of wandering or you can't move too
much stuff on what about the graphics
now I have seen this thing in motion
amazing graphics I mean this has got to
be one of the best looking games
available right now Bart not incredible
living world it's not necessarily photo
realistic but it I mean it's so tangible
yeah and everything has just
unbelievable amounts of texturing and
bump mapping to it and everything it's
just I mean everything has great
lighting and reflection and shadow it's
amazing credibly immersive I think he
told me earlier to that you thought the
game was very much like Shenmue and that
all the people in the game world seemed
to live this life yeah it's not just
like random guy appears on screen and
then talks to you and then this
disappears right if you want to break
into their home while they're sleeping I
can follow them from getting up in the
morning going to work stopping work
going to the tavern having lunch going
back to work in the like the grape
fields I I mean Hoenn I mean actually
working out just standing there and
looking but I mean actually hoeing
taking stuff to the farm I mean and then
coming back home for the night that's
awesome so what about the game don't you
like the interface is all right but it's
not completely user-friendly I think
they were trying to make this meld of a
interface that would work on a PC and on
the 360 unequip equipping things it's
not that it's completely difficult it's
just that it's like this weird hybrid of
PC versus a joypad kind of deal so what
about overall impressions what do you
think the game so far I really really
like the game so far I think it's going
to be a really good game to have hang on
to play for a long time I mean there's
no way I'm even remotely you know a
percent done with this game and I'm just
having fun talking to people laughing at
it I think it's going to be great for
picking up and having these little
random adventures and then eventually
getting onto the main quest but
it's a good graphics it's good sound
it's good fun it's good story it's a
really really neat
you